v2/v3: Replace very old method of creating a LoggerFactory (#360)
SteeltoeOSS/Documentation: api/v2/configuration/config-server-provider.md

### Enable Logging

Out of the box, configuration providers in .NET do not have access to the same logging infrastructure that is available to the rest of the application.

Logging in the Steeltoe Config Server Client is enabled when an `ILoggerFactory` has been provided.
The following example shows how to create a `LoggerFactory` with Debug-level logging enabled:

```csharp
using Steeltoe.Extensions.Configuration;

> var logFactory = LoggerFactory.Create(logBuilder =>

Reviewer: What's the reason we're changing the v2 docs? Users may be using a very old ASP.NET version, so the original code may be more appropriate for them.

Author: I think this may have been wrong the way it was.

Steeltoe 2.5 targets `netstandard2.0` and `netcoreapp3.1` and ultimately requires at least `Microsoft.Extensions.Logging` at 2.2.0. This change is described in [migrating Microsoft.Extensions.Logging 2.1 to 2.2 or 3.0](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/migration/logging-nonaspnetcore?view=aspnetcore-3.0)

Reviewer: Thanks, I wasn't aware of this change. But if Steeltoe 2.5 supports 2.2.0 and up, the same code is now incorrect when 2.2.0 is used, according to the linked migration doc.

Also, old versions of ASP.NET _did_ require the `.AddJsonFile` ceremony, but I don't know in which version that became redundant. Therefore, I think it should stay, just in case.

Reviewer: Also, `minLevel: LogLevel.Debug` is very different from `level => level >= LogLevel.Debug`. The filter lambda only executes when the root minLevel matches.

Author: > Also, old versions of ASP.NET _did_ require the `.AddJsonFile` ceremony, but I don't know in which version that became redundant. Therefore, I think it should stay, just in case.

This section was only supposed to be about adding logging, it is redundant to include all of that again... See lines 120-167 in this file.

Author: You also commented on the removal of the `env` parameter... [This](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/blob/release/2.5/src/Configuration/src/ConfigServerBase/ConfigServerConfigurationBuilderExtensions.cs#L17) is the method signature it uses now

### Enable Logging

Out of the box, configuration providers in .NET do not have access to the same logging infrastructure that is available to the rest of the application.

Logging in the Steeltoe Config Server Client is enabled when an `ILoggerFactory` has been provided.
The following example shows how to create a `LoggerFactory` with Debug-level logging enabled:

```csharp
using Steeltoe.Extensions.Configuration;

LoggerFactory logFactory = new LoggerFactory();
logFactory.AddConsole(minLevel: LogLevel.Debug);

var builder = new ConfigurationBuilder().AddConfigServer(logFactory);
```

> [!NOTE]
> This method of creating a `LoggerFactory` was removed in .NET Core 3.0.

> > Please refer to [migrating Microsoft.Extensions.Logging 2.1 to 2.2 or 3.0](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/migration/logging-nonaspnetcore#21-to-30) for guidance as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Please refer to [Migrate from Microsoft.Extensions.Logging 2.1 to 2.2 or 3.0](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core/migration/logging-nonaspnetcore#21-to-30) for guidance as needed.
```
Updated to match the title of the referred page.
